docs: update AppKit terminology to Reown across documentation (#738)
reown-com/reown-docs: snippets/appkit/next/wagmi/about/implementation.mdx

- Using cookies is completely optional and by default Wagmi will use `localStorage` instead if the `storage` param is not defined.
- The `ssr` flag will delay the hydration of Wagmi's store to avoid hydration mismatch errors.

> - Reown doesn't fully support the `ssr` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reown AppKit doesn't fully support the `ssr` flag.
```

### Context Provider

> Let's create now a context provider that will wrap our application and initialized Reown (`createAppKit` needs to be called inside a Next Client Component file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we'll create a context provider that will wrap our application and initialized Reown AppKit instance (`createAppKit` needs to be called inside a Next Client Component file).
```
